#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile dev-requirements.in
#
-e file:///Users/bhuwanbhatt/Documents/open-source/jarvis
    # via -r requirements.txt
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
black==24.3.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via black
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openai
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab
    #   openai
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.23.0
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.24
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.13.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.6
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.26.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
langchain==0.1.14
    # via -r requirements.txt
langchain-community==0.0.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
langchain-core==0.1.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
langsmith==0.1.42
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.3
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.1.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
openai==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langsmith
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pytest==8.1.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   tiktoken
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tiktoken==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-openai
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openai
traitlets==5.14.2
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   black
    #   ipython
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
